Add all Inverse Functional Identifier support for filtering by `agent` (#331)
openfun/ralph: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - `GET /statements?agent=` agent no longer accepts `string` type as value. 
> An xAPI Agent with a valid IFI must be passed, formated as a JSON.

Reviewer: We usually start CHANGELOG entries with a verb. I would suggest the following:

```suggestion
- Force a valid (JSON-formatted) IFI to be passed for the `/statements` GET query `agent` filtering
```

Author: This will be done!

- Fix the `more` IRL building in LRS `/statements` GET requests

> ### Fixed
> 
> - Fix the `more` IRL building in LRS `/statements` GET requests
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
